README.md, before:

# Sergiobytes

Full Stack Developer | Web · Mobile · Cloud · Automation

---

## ✨ About Me

Full stack developer focused on building scalable web and mobile solutions. Passionate about clean architecture, user experience, and automation. Always learning and building useful projects.

---

## 🛠️ Technologies

**💡 Languages**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=typescript,javascript,python,csharp,dart" height="28" />

**💻 Frontend**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=html,css3,sass,tailwind,materialui,daisyui,vite,angular,vue" height="28" />

**📱 Mobile**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=flutter,android" height="28" />

**🧠 Backend & APIs**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=nestjs,nodejs,express,django,graphql,apollo,jwt,stripe,twilio" height="28" />

**🗄️ Databases**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=sqlserver,postgresql,sqlite,mongodb,prisma" height="28" />

**⚙️ DevOps & Cloud**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=docker,kubernetes,gcp,netlify,nginx,n8n" height="28" />

**☁️ Cloud Platforms & BaaS**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=firebase" height="28" />

**🧪 Testing & Tooling**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=jest,vitest,postman" height="28" />

**📦 Package & State Management**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=npm,pnpm,pinia,tanstack,riverpod,bloc,getx" height="28" />

**🛠️ Others**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=git,github,githubcopilot,googlegemini,rxjs,dotnet,vite,deno,visualstudio,vscode" height="28" />

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=sergiobytes&theme=highcontrast&border_radius=7&hide_border=true&exclude_days=Sun%2CSat&card_width=467" width="380"/>
</p>

---

## 📌 Projects

- [ai-trivia-backend](https://github.com/sergiobytes/ai-trivia-backend): NestJS backend for trivia powered by OpenAI, JWT, and admin tools.
- [ai-trivia-web](https://github.com/sergiobytes/ai-trivia-web): Angular app for trivia with AI-generated questions.
- [diocesis-frontend-material](https://github.com/Sergio-Frontend-Projects/diocesis-frontend-material): Angular Material dashboard for internal management.
- [frontend-casei](https://github.com/residencias-isc-2025/frontend-casei): Training management system in Angular.

---

## 🎓 Certifications

Here are some of the courses and certifications I've completed on DevTalles and Udemy:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/bgyevufaap"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git%2BGitHub%3A%20Todo%20un%20sistema%20de%20control%20de%20versiones%20de%20cero-2023-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/kexmuijhyf"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript%20Moderno%3A%20Gu%C3%ADa%20para%20dominar%20el%20idioma-2023-yellow?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/btiignzhpb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript%3A%20Tu%20completa%20gu%C3%ADa%20y%20manual%20de%20mano-2023-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/s17vg774yc"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Principios%20SOLID%20y%20Clean%20Code-2023-green?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/m5ez6kwi3a"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL%20de%20cero%3A%20Tu%20gu%C3%ADa%20pr%C3%A1ctica%20con%20PostgreSQL-2023-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/3kj05k91sx"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.Js%3A%20De%20cero%20a%20experto-2024-green?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/ugqjzeblat"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node%20%E2%80%93%20Autenticaci%C3%B3n%20Rest%20con%20Clean%20Architecture-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/icfl1m2jwl"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Nest%3A%20Desarrollo%20backend%20escalable%20con%20Node-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/xxaor6d2h2"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20%E2%80%93%20M%C3%B3vil%3A%20De%20cero%20a%20experto-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/ngihoc8hka"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mini--Curso%3A%20Riverpod%20providers%20con%20anotaciones-2024-green?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/irmcjis4tb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS%20%2B%20Microservicios%3A%20Aplicaciones%20escalables%20y%20modulares-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-3c19d245-df15-47ee-afb8-f1c860eaaedb/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Aprende%20Programaci%C3%B3n%20Backend%20en%20C%23%20.NET-2024-purple?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/ajeqyvap3g"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ReactiveX%20%E2%80%93%20RxJs%3A%20De%20cero%20hasta%20los%20detalles-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/nkkxcrstqv"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20%E2%80%93%20M%C3%B3vil%3A%20Recursos%20Nativos-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/54qgewgtwu"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker%3A%20Gu%C3%ADa%20pr%C3%A1ctica%20de%20uso%20para%20desarrolladores-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/tzsxfglovi"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20%E2%80%93%20M%C3%B3vil%3A%20Dise%C3%B1os%20profesionales%20y%20animaciones-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/qxpu4wdhfo"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJs%20%2B%20Reportes%3A%20Genera%20PDFs%20desde%20Node-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/rhoio7rjii"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Nest%20%2B%20GraphQL%3A%20Evoluciona%20tus%20APIs-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/wujmo3p24o"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular%3A%20De%20cero%20a%20experto-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/dadl3s5o1e"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI%3A%20Ejercicios%20y%20asistentes%20con%20Angular%20%2B%20NestJS-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/pmar95bhf9"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular%20Pro%3A%20Lleva%20tus%20bases%20al%20siguiente%20nivel-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/tavnb6l34a"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20Avanzado%3A%20Lleva%20tu%20conocimiento%20al%20siguiente%20nivel-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/ambsctervm"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js%20de%20Cero%20a%20Experto%3A%20Composition%20Api-2024-green?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/4uqkvuwbrp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS%20%2B%20Testing%3A%20Pruebas%20unitarias%20y%20end%20to%20end%20(e2e)-2025-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a> 
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/j1z4owa1bf"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20%2B%20Gemini%3A%20Aplicaciones%20con%20inteligencia%20artificial-2025-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
</p>

---

## 📫 Contact

[Portfolio](https://sergio-barreras-dev.netlify.app/) · sergiobg.isc@gmail.com

Commit message:

Add entrepreneurship section to README highlighting co-founder role at DevCrafters

README.md, after:

# Sergiobytes

Full Stack Developer | Web · Mobile · Cloud · Automation

---

## ✨ About Me

Full stack developer focused on building scalable web and mobile solutions. Passionate about clean architecture, user experience, and automation. Always learning and building useful projects.

---

## 🏢 Entrepreneurship

Co-founder of [DevCrafters](https://devcrafters.dev/), a software development company focused on delivering modern web, mobile, and cloud solutions for clients.

---

## 🛠️ Technologies

**💡 Languages**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=typescript,javascript,python,csharp,dart" height="28" />

**💻 Frontend**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=html,css3,sass,tailwind,materialui,daisyui,vite,angular,vue" height="28" />

**📱 Mobile**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=flutter,android" height="28" />

**🧠 Backend & APIs**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=nestjs,nodejs,express,django,graphql,apollo,jwt,stripe,twilio" height="28" />

**🗄️ Databases**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=sqlserver,postgresql,sqlite,mongodb,prisma" height="28" />

**⚙️ DevOps & Cloud**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=docker,kubernetes,gcp,netlify,nginx,n8n" height="28" />

**☁️ Cloud Platforms & BaaS**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=firebase" height="28" />

**🧪 Testing & Tooling**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=jest,vitest,postman" height="28" />

**📦 Package & State Management**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=npm,pnpm,pinia,tanstack,riverpod,bloc,getx" height="28" />

**🛠️ Others**

<img src="https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=git,github,githubcopilot,googlegemini,rxjs,dotnet,vite,deno,visualstudio,vscode" height="28" />

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=sergiobytes&theme=highcontrast&border_radius=7&hide_border=true&exclude_days=Sun%2CSat&card_width=467" width="380"/>
</p>

---

## 📌 Projects

- [ai-trivia-backend](https://github.com/sergiobytes/ai-trivia-backend): NestJS backend for trivia powered by OpenAI, JWT, and admin tools.
- [ai-trivia-web](https://github.com/sergiobytes/ai-trivia-web): Angular app for trivia with AI-generated questions.
- [diocesis-frontend-material](https://github.com/Sergio-Frontend-Projects/diocesis-frontend-material): Angular Material dashboard for internal management.
- [frontend-casei](https://github.com/residencias-isc-2025/frontend-casei): Training management system in Angular.

---

## 🎓 Certifications

Here are some of the courses and certifications I've completed on DevTalles and Udemy:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/bgyevufaap"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git%2BGitHub%3A%20Todo%20un%20sistema%20de%20control%20de%20versiones%20de%20cero-2023-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/kexmuijhyf"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript%20Moderno%3A%20Gu%C3%ADa%20para%20dominar%20el%20idioma-2023-yellow?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/btiignzhpb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript%3A%20Tu%20completa%20gu%C3%ADa%20y%20manual%20de%20mano-2023-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/s17vg774yc"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Principios%20SOLID%20y%20Clean%20Code-2023-green?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/m5ez6kwi3a"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL%20de%20cero%3A%20Tu%20gu%C3%ADa%20pr%C3%A1ctica%20con%20PostgreSQL-2023-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/3kj05k91sx"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.Js%3A%20De%20cero%20a%20experto-2024-green?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/ugqjzeblat"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node%20%E2%80%93%20Autenticaci%C3%B3n%20Rest%20con%20Clean%20Architecture-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/icfl1m2jwl"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Nest%3A%20Desarrollo%20backend%20escalable%20con%20Node-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/xxaor6d2h2"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20%E2%80%93%20M%C3%B3vil%3A%20De%20cero%20a%20experto-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/ngihoc8hka"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mini--Curso%3A%20Riverpod%20providers%20con%20anotaciones-2024-green?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/irmcjis4tb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS%20%2B%20Microservicios%3A%20Aplicaciones%20escalables%20y%20modulares-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-3c19d245-df15-47ee-afb8-f1c860eaaedb/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Aprende%20Programaci%C3%B3n%20Backend%20en%20C%23%20.NET-2024-purple?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/ajeqyvap3g"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ReactiveX%20%E2%80%93%20RxJs%3A%20De%20cero%20hasta%20los%20detalles-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/nkkxcrstqv"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20%E2%80%93%20M%C3%B3vil%3A%20Recursos%20Nativos-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/54qgewgtwu"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker%3A%20Gu%C3%ADa%20pr%C3%A1ctica%20de%20uso%20para%20desarrolladores-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/tzsxfglovi"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20%E2%80%93%20M%C3%B3vil%3A%20Dise%C3%B1os%20profesionales%20y%20animaciones-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/qxpu4wdhfo"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJs%20%2B%20Reportes%3A%20Genera%20PDFs%20desde%20Node-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/rhoio7rjii"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Nest%20%2B%20GraphQL%3A%20Evoluciona%20tus%20APIs-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/wujmo3p24o"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular%3A%20De%20cero%20a%20experto-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/dadl3s5o1e"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI%3A%20Ejercicios%20y%20asistentes%20con%20Angular%20%2B%20NestJS-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/pmar95bhf9"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular%20Pro%3A%20Lleva%20tus%20bases%20al%20siguiente%20nivel-2024-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/tavnb6l34a"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20Avanzado%3A%20Lleva%20tu%20conocimiento%20al%20siguiente%20nivel-2024-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/ambsctervm"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js%20de%20Cero%20a%20Experto%3A%20Composition%20Api-2024-green?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/4uqkvuwbrp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS%20%2B%20Testing%3A%20Pruebas%20unitarias%20y%20end%20to%20end%20(e2e)-2025-red?style=for-the-badge" /></a> 
  <a href="https://cursos.devtalles.com/certificates/j1z4owa1bf"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter%20%2B%20Gemini%3A%20Aplicaciones%20con%20inteligencia%20artificial-2025-blue?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
</p>

---

## 📫 Contact

[Portfolio](https://sergio-barreras-dev.netlify.app/) · sergiobg.isc@gmail.com
